# New README
Hello brave person at Annenberg Media, who tries to venture into USC DPS reports project.  
  
### Clone the repository
You know how to do this (probably)

### Create a virtual environment
It's just neater.  
In the project's root directory:

```
python -m venv venv
```

### Start using the virtual environment
In the project root directory:  
```
source venv/bin/activate
```

### Install requirements using venv's pip
We use our current venv's pip (instead of system-wide pip) to install packages:
```
venv/bin/pip install requests
```

```
venv/bin/pip install pypdf
```

```
venv/bin/pip install python-decouple
```

### Then use venv's python
We now use our current venv's python (instead of system-wide python) to run:
```
venv/bin/python src/test_api.py
```

-----
-----
-----
-----
-----
-----

## OLD README BELOW
A GitHub Action workflow for automating the collection of [crime and fire logs](https://dps.usc.edu/alerts/log/) posted by the University of Southern California's Department of Public Safety.

## Links

* Runner: [github.com/biglocalnews/usc-crime-reports-scraper/actions/workflows/etl.yaml](https://github.com/biglocalnews/usc-crime-reports-scraper/actions/workflows/etl.yaml)
* PDF collection: [documentcloud.org/app?q=%2Bproject%3Ausc-department-of-public--210827%20](https://www.documentcloud.org/app?q=%2Bproject%3Ausc-department-of-public--210827%20)
* Source: [dps.usc.edu/alerts/log/](https://dps.usc.edu/alerts/log/)

## Contributing

Fork the repository and clone the repository. Move into the code directory. Install the dependencies.

```bash
pipenv install --dev
```

Install the pre-commit hooks.

```bash
pipenv run pre-commit install
```

Create a `.env` file and set the required DocumentCloud variables. You'll need to provide credentials with access to our project. Contact Ben Welsh if you need to be given access to the project.

```
DOCUMENTCLOUD_USER=
DOCUMENTCLOUD_PASSWORD=
DOCUMENTCLOUD_PROJECT_ID=usc-department-of-public--210827
```

Run the scrape command.

```bash
pipenv run python -m src.scrape
```
## Old PDFs
old_pdf_without_latlng_final.csv contains over 27,000 cases from 2015 to 2022. Most of them are generated by parser, a few(~20) cases are manully added because the parser can't recogzie them. So it's still possible that this csv file contains error.

For some rows contain empty fields like "location" or "start"/"end" time(corresponds to "Occured time" in PDF).

Note: it does not contain latitude and longitude.
